# Post Mortem
	On 2-11 very late at night I made a very strong push for this and got most of my image effects working, though I was shocked and angry to find that gallery images were very much larger than the pictures taken with the camera. I tried to find some ways to resize the bitmaps but couldn’t find anything that actually seemed super helpful. Then I go into class on 2-12 and when someone else was talking about the issue one of the Jacks piped up and said how there was a method when copying bitmaps to resize them. Now, the reason I bring this up is that perhaps there should be some more encouragement for these kinds of interactions, maybe some sort of web thing, or maybe it’s something that should be done on the discord more. The main problem with the discord server is that people don’t really talk about things till we near the deadline. 
Moving on, one thing that hit me the hardest was trying to find a way to actually save the files to the photo gallery. I tried looking all over the internet but it seemed all the most straightforward solutions were java, well actually almost all solutions were java. I found a few C# solutions but I still couldn’t get them to work. When I went to look at my files in my phone I was surprised to find a couple of sample images that had actually been saved, but they were not in the photo directory, though I don’t even know what iteration of attempts that was, but maybe I might be able to nail it down. I may go back and try to fix the save button but for now I want to make sure I have a submission made in time. Another thing to mention on the topic of difficulty is I’m noticing that the course itself is rather difficult. If there’s one thing I’m learning I would say it’s googling, it’s a bit of let down how much looking up I’m having to do compared to how much code I’m actually writing. 
Image manipulation is a fun thing to do, especially when everything is working and you get play around with the actual image effects. I was surprised at the simplicity of the actual manipulation. However, all the hurdles one has to jump in order to do anything with pictures is shocking, to say the least. Advice I’d give for future students of the course is don’t expect to be able to finish things in class, you will most likely have to spend time out of class working on the apps and if that’s the case make more time than just the last few days. Also organize your priorities, for example I spent a good deal trying to get the save button working but at a point I realized I was making no head way so I went to go finish the image manipulations. Also while scaling of elements may be semi important I’d definitely save color for later on the list of priorities.
